
--- PAGE 1 ---
       
 
FEED-IN TARIFF MICROFIT CONTRACT 
Version 2.0 
Part 1 – Contract Details 
 
The Ontario Power Authority (“OPA”) is offering the microFIT Program pursuant to Ministerial 
Direc tion issued pursuant to Section 25.35 of the Electricity Act, 1998 (Ontario) in order to procure 
renewable generation capacity for the benefit of the Ontario integrated power system (as defined in the 
Electricity Act, 1998 (Ontario)). 
Supplier (defined in Section A below) successfully applied to the microFIT Program and Supplier has 
constructed and w ill operate the Facility (defined in Section B below) in compliance with this Contract 
and will supply electricity generated by the Facility into the LDC’s distribution system and w ill rec eive 
payment for such supply from the LDC. 
This microFIT Contract is structured in two parts. Part 1 provides the details of Supplier and Supplier’s 
Fac ility. Part 2 contains the General Terms and Conditions of the Contract. These two parts together form 
the Contract between Supplier and OPA. 
In consideration of the mutual promises and obligations stated in this Contract, OPA and Supplier hereby 
enter into, and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained in this Contract.  
Each of OPA and Supplier confirms that this Contract was entered into electronically and that each has 
received a copy of and has reviewed this Contract, and that its representations and warranties contained in 
this Contract are true and correct. 
All capitalized terms used in this Contract shall have the meaning defined in the attached Appendix A. 
 
A. CONTRACT AND SUPPLIER INFORMATION 
(1) Reference Number:       
(2) Supplier (full legal name(s)):         
(3) Contract Commencement Date (insert Contract Commencement Date as defined in the 
microFIT Rules):       
(4) Contract End Date (insert end date – 20/40 years from Contract Commencement Date 
pursuant to microFIT Rules):       
(5) Supplier (check one): 
 is not the same legal entity as LDC, and Supplier and LDC have entered into a 
Mic ro-Embedded Generation Facility Connection Agreement (the “Connection 
Agreement ”) with respect to the Facility. 
 is the same legal entity as LDC. 
(6) The name and generator account number the LDC associates with the Facility is: 
Name:  
  

--- PAGE 2 ---
 - 2 - 
LDC Generator Ac c ount 
Number: 
 
(7) The Contract Price is $_________/kWh. 
(8) The Percentage Escalated is:________ %. (insert percentage escalated if applicable, if not 
insert N/A) 
(9) The Base Date is:  ________________ 
(10) Supplier Contact Information: 
Contact Information for Supplier (not representative of Supplier): 
Name of individual:      
Supplier name:       
Mailing address:        
         
Email address:       
Telephone number:       
Subjec t: mic roFIT – [Reference Number] 
 
 
(11) Contact Information for representative of Supplier (if a different entity than Supplier): 
Name of individual:       
Company name:       
Mailing address:        
         
Email address:        
Telephone number:       
Subjec t: mic roFIT – [Reference Number] 
 
B. FACILITY CHARACTERISTICS 
The details of Supplier’s electrical generating facility (the “Facility”) are described below. 
(1) The Facility is connected directly or indirectly to the ____________________  (“LDC”) 
distribution system. 
(2) The Facility is located in Ontario at the following location: 
(insert Property Identification Number and municipal address or if there is no municipal 
address or location, insert legal description for property) 
PIN: 
Address or , if no municipal address, legal description: 
 
 
 
(3) The Facility’s Renewable Fuel is _______________________.  
(4) The Facility has a Nameplate Capacity of _____ kilowatts (“kW”).  
--- PAGE 3 ---
 - 3 - 
(5) If the Facility’s Renewable Fuel is solar photovoltaic (PV): 
(i)  The inverter rating for the Facility is     kW (alternating current). 
(ii) The solar array rating for the Facility is    kW (direct current). 
(iii) The Fac ility is (check one): 
i.  a Rooftop Facility. 
ii.  not a Rooftop Facility. 
(iv) The “Minimum Required Domestic Content Level” is 60%.  
(6) The Fac ility is (check one):  
  a Directly Connected Facility. 
 an Indirectly Connected Facility and is connected In Parallel. 
(7) If the Fac ility is an Indirec tly Connec ted Fac ility, the Fac ility is (check one): 
  not connected to a battery back-up or supply system. 
 connected to a battery back-up or supply system in compliance with Appendix D-2. 
(8) The Fac ility is (check one if applicable): 
  a wind Renewable Generating Facility with a Nameplate Capacity 3 kW or less. 
 a wind Renewable Generating Facility with a Nameplate Capacity greater than 3 kW. 
 
C. DOCUMENTS INCLUDED; DEFINED TERMS 
Part 1 and Part 2 and the following Appendices, which are specifically incorporated herein and made 
a part hereof together form and are referred to as this “Contract” (check all that apply): 
  Part 2 – General Terms and Conditions 
 Appendix A –Definitions 
 Appendix B – Calculation of Indexed Contract Price (use if Percentage Escalated applies) 
 Appendix C – Solar PV Schedule (use if solar photovoltaic facility) 
 Appendix D-1 – Directly Connected Facility Schedule (use if Directly Connected Facility) 
 Appendix D-2 – Indirectly Connected Facility Schedule (use if Indirectly Connected Facility) 
 Appendix E – LDC Schedule (use if LDC is Supplier) 
 
 
  
--- PAGE 4 ---
 - 4 - 
 
FEED-IN TARIFF MICROFIT CONTRACT 
Version 2.0 
Part 2 - General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
1. TERM 
This Contract shall commence as of the Contract Commencement Date and end on the Contract End Date 
(the “Te rm”). 
2. PRICING PROVISIONS AND PAYMENT 
2.1. Indexed Contract Pric e. The Indexed Contract Price in respect of any hour of electricity 
generation is: 
2.1.1. where the Percentage Escalated does not apply, an amount equal to the Contract Price; 
and 
2.1.2. where the Percentage Escalated applies, an amount equal to the Indexed Contract Pric e 
determined in accordance with Appendix B. 
2.2. Payment. Once this Contract has been fully executed, the LDC w ill pay Supplier the Indexed 
Contract Price for the elec tric ity generated by the Facility and successfully injected into LDC’s 
distribution system, as described in this Section (the “Generation Payments”). 
2.2.1. Generation Payments shall be settled periodically and on a schedule consistent with the 
monthly, bimonthly, quarterly or other periodic billing cycle of LDC (the “Settlement 
Period”) and otherwise in accordance with the Connection Agreement and the provisions 
of the Retail Settlement Code, provided that if the Term begins on a day other than the 
first day of the Settlement Period, the initial payment may be deferred and incorporated 
w ith that of the first full Settlement Period following the commencement of the Term. All 
settlement documentation, requirements and details, including the date that any 
Generation Payment is due and the statement of amounts owing shall be governed by the 
applicable LDC. 
2.2.2. OPA may, on not less than 30 days’ prior notice to Supplier, implement alternative 
settlement mechanics to those set out in this Section 2.2. 
3. ENVIRONMENTAL ATTRIBUTES 
3.1. Transfer.  Supplier hereby transfers and assigns to, or to the extent transfer or assignment is not 
permitted, holds in trust for, OPA who thereafter shall retain, all rights, title, and interest in all 
Environmental Attributes associated with the Facility.  
3.2. Ac tion to Transfer. Supplier shall from time to time during the Term, upon written direction of 
OPA, take all such actions and do all such things necessary to effect the transfer and assignment 
to, or holding in trust for, OPA, all rights, title, and interest in all Environmental Attributes as set 
out in Section 3.1. 
3.3. Action to Register. Supplier shall from time to time during the Term, upon written direction of 
OPA, take all such actions and do all such things necessary to certify, obtain, qualify, and 
register with the relevant authorities or agencies Environmental Attributes that are created and 
allocated or credited with respect to the Facility pursuant to Laws and Regulations from time to 
time (c ollec tively, the “Regulatory Environmental Attributes”) for the purposes of 
transferring such Regulatory Environmental Attributes to OPA in accordance with Section 
3.1.  

--- PAGE 5 ---
 - 5 - 
3.4. Cost Reimbursement. Supplier shall be entitled to reimbursement of the cost of complying with a 
direction under Section 3.2 or Section 3.3, provided that OPA approves such cost in writing prior 
to the cost being incurred by Supplier. Supplier shall not be required to incur any material cost 
associated with complying with a direction under Section 3.2 or Section 3.3 where Supplier has 
sought approval from OPA for such cost and OPA has not approved same. 
4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
Supplier represents and warrants to OPA as follows and acknowledges that OPA is relying on such 
representations and warranties in entering into this Contract: 
4.1. Connection. 
4.1.1. The information specified in Part 1, Section A(5) is true and correct in all respects . 
4.1.2. No Connection Impact Assessment was required with respect to the Facility. 
4.1.3. The Fac ility w as physic ally connected to the LDC’s distribution system with suitable 
metering configurations appropriate for the calculation of Generation Payments on or 
before the Contract Commencement Date. 
4.2. Fac ility Charac teristic s.  
4.2.1. The Fac ility meets all Projec t Eligibility Requirements. 
4.2.2. The information specified in Part 1, Section B is true and correct in all respects. 
4.2.3. The Facility has not been separated or split from other projects that have, or are applying 
to have, a contract under the microFIT Program or the FIT Program. 
4.3. Metering.  
4.3.1. The Fac ility’s meter is exc lusive to the Fac ility.  
4.3.2. The Facility’s meter is a bi-directional, two channel meter. 
4.3.3. The Facility’s meter is owned and operated by LDC. 
4.4. Necessary Rights and Compliance. 
4.4.1. Supplier has all necessary rights to construct and operate the Facility or to cause the 
Facility to be constructed and operated. 
4.4.2. Supplier has all necessary rights to enter into, and perform its obligations under, this 
Contract. 
4.4.3. Supplier has complied with all applicable Laws and Regulations. 
4.4.4. If the Facility is a solar photovoltaic facility, it has a Domestic Content Level greater than 
or equal to the Minimum Required Domestic Content Level. 
4.4.5. The Facility has obtained a Renewable Energy Approval, if applicable. 
4.4.6. All statements, specifications, data, confirmations, and information that have been set out 
in the Application are complete, true and accurate in all material respects and are hereby 
restated and reaffirmed by Supplier as representations made to OPA on the date hereof 
and there is no material information omitted from the Application which makes the 
information in the Application misleading or inaccurate. 
--- PAGE 6 ---
 - 6 - 
4.5. Supplier Eligibility. 
4.5.1 Supplier was, at the time of the Application, and continues to be as of the Contract 
Commencement Date and the date this Agreement is executed, an Eligible Partic ipant. 
4.5.2 If Supplier is an Individual or Farmer (as each of these terms is defined in the Eligible 
Participant Schedule) Supplier does not have a contract with OPA for any other project 
under the microFIT Program. 
4.5.3 Supplier is the same person or entity as the person or entity that maintains the generator 
account for the Facility and is the same person or entity that executed the Connection 
Agreement. 
5. COVENANTS 
Supplier covenants that throughout the Term: 
5.1. Fac ility Charac teristic s 
5.1.1. Supplier shall not do anything nor omit to do anything that would cause the information 
spec ified in Part 1, Sections A(5), A(6), B (1), B (2), B (3), B (6), B(7)  and B(8) to be 
untrue or incorrect in any respect. 
5.1.2. Supplier shall notify OPA promptly of any change to the information contained in Part 1, 
Sec tion A(11). 
5.1.3. Supplier shall not modify the Facility to increase the Nameplate Capacity stated in Part 1, 
Section B(4). In no event shall the Nameplate Capacity of the Facility exceed 10 kW.  
5.1.4. If the Facility’s Renewable Fuel is solar photovoltaic (PV), Supplier shall not modify the 
inverter rating for the Facility or the solar array rating for the Facility from the ratings 
stated in Part 1, Section B(5), and shall not change the character of the Facility as stated 
in Part 1, Sec tion B(5)(iii). 
5.2. Metering.  
5.2.1. The Fac ility’s meter w ill, at all times, be exc lusive to the Fac ility. 
5.2.2. The Facility’s meter will, at all times, be owned and operated by LDC. 
5.3. Eligibility. 
5.3.1. Supplier w ill, at all times, be an Eligible Partic ipant. 
6. GENERAL CONDITIONS 
6.1. Access Rights. OPA, its authorized service providers, agents, employees and inspectors shall 
have the right to inspect the Facility during normal business hours and for any purposes 
reasonably connected with this Contract, including for the purpose of performing audits to assess 
compliance with this Contract, or the exercise of any and all rights secured to OPA by Laws and 
Regulations. Supplier shall ensure that OPA can exercise these access rights where Supplier does 
not own the property where the Facility is located. 
6.2. Elec tric ity.  In no event shall Supplier have the right to, and Supplier shall not, procure or 
substitute electricity from sources other than the Facility for sale or delivery pursuant to this 
Contract. 
--- PAGE 7 ---
 - 7 - 
6.3. Meter and Meter Data. 
6.3.1. Supplier shall provide, and shall use reasonable efforts to cause LDC to provide, OPA 
and its authorized service providers, agents (and service provider’s and agent’s 
employees) and inspectors with access to the Facility’s meter for the purpose of reading, 
recording and downloading data, all upon not less than two days’ advance notice from 
OPA to Supplier or LDC, as applicable. 
6.3.2. Supplier acknowledges that it has irrevocably authorized LDC to release to OPA any 
information or data relating to the Facility which may be required by OPA for the 
purposes of administering this Contract. Supplier shall recognize and maintain OPA’s 
rights in this regard, and shall provide similar authorizations to government agencies, 
settlement agents and third parties, where requested by OPA. 
6.4. Freedom of Information. Supplier acknowledges that OPA is subject to the Ontario Freedom of 
Information and Protection of Privacy Act, R.S.O. 1993, c. F.31 (“FIPPA”) and that any 
information supplied by Supplier to or held about Supplier by OPA may be subject to disclosure 
by OPA in accordance with the requirements of FIPPA. 
6.5. Collection of Information. To ensure the integrity and proper operation and management of the 
microFIT Program, OPA, LDC and the Ministry of Energy, and certain other Ontario 
government ministries require certain information about the Supplier and the Facility. In 
addition, OPA, LDC and Ontario government ministries may need to obtain certain information, 
such as property identification information, property zoning or other land use information, GST 
number, information to establish compliance with Minimum Required Domestic Content Level, 
and information to establish that the Supplier is an Eligible Participant from third parties to 
confirm information provided by Supplier and to otherwise ensure the integrity of the microFIT 
Program and compliance with the terms of the Contract. OPA, LDC and Ontario government 
ministries may disclose information collected from Supplier or third parties to each other and 
may collect information from one another for the purpose of the proper operation and 
management of the microFIT Program or the management of the Contract. 
Disclosure of Information. OPA may disclose to LDC and the Ministry of Energy, and certain 
other Ontario government ministries, certain information that is contained in the Application or 
in the Contract, including without limitation, Supplier’s name, facility location, microFIT 
Program eligibility c haracteristics, compliance with Minimum Required Domestic Content 
Level, Supplier’s electricity generation, pricing and payments.  This information that will be 
shared will be limited to that which OPA reasonably believes to be necessary to ensure proper 
management and the integrity of the microFIT Program, including without limitation, using the 
information to generate microFIT Program analysis, assessments, reporting, administrative, 
operational or planning purposes or for purposes of public awareness of the microFIT Program 
or similar programs for alternative electricity generation, electricity conservation or electricity 
generating technology, use or operations. In addition, to facilitate proper municipal and land use 
planning, the OPA and LDC may disclose details of the Application and Fac ility including the 
Reference Number, the Facility’s location, type of Renewable Fuel, and project size to the 
municipality in which the project is located, or if the project is located on “reserve lands” or 
“special reserves” as set out in the Indian Act (Canada) to the “band council” for such reserve in 
w hic h the Fac ility is situated.  
Consent. Supplier acknowledges the collection, use and disclosure/sharing of information 
described in this section, and Supplier consents to such collection, use and disclosure/sharing of 
information as described in this Section (together with the terms set out in OPA’s Privacy Policy 
which can be accessed on the OPA’s website). Supplier waives any claim, defence or other 
action against OPA, LDC, the Government of Ontario (and all of the Ministries therein) as well 
as the municipality to which the information is shared, as a result of or related to the collection, 
use and/or disclosure and sharing of such information as provided in this Section or as otherwise 
set forth in OPA’s Privacy Policy. 
--- PAGE 8 ---
 - 8 - 
6.6. Statement Copies. Supplier shall, at the request of OPA, provide OPA with copies of all 
settlement statements, invoices and all other correspondence between Supplier and LDC relating 
to the Facility or any Generation Payment and authorizes OPA to request the same from LDC. 
Supplier shall, at the request of OPA, provide to OPA or its authorized representative, 
documents or information to enable the OPA to comply with Laws and Regulations and to 
substantiate the accuracy of any or all of the representations and warranties contained in this 
Contract or to verify Supplier’s compliance with any or all covenants contained in this Contract, 
and at OPA’s elec tion, permit OPA to retain copies of such documents or information. 
6.7. Supplier Verification and use of a Representative. Supplier acknowledges and agrees that OPA 
may require Supplier to provide instructions, requests or decisions in order to terminate, amend 
or assign (in accordance with Section 8, Sec tion 9 and Section 10, respectively) this Contract 
notwithstanding any powers of attorney or authorizations authorizing a representative of 
Supplier to act on its behalf. OPA may require verification of the identity of Supplier for the 
purposes of acknowledging agreement to amendments, assignments or any other matter relating 
to this Contract. IF SUPPLIER HAS DESIGNATED A REPRESENTATIVE IN PART 1, 
SECTION A(11) THAT IS DIFFERENT THAN SUPPLIER, SUPPLIER ACKNOWLEDGES 
THAT SUPPLIER REMAINS LIABLE TO OPA FOR ALL REPRESENTATIONS, 
WARRANTIES, OBLIGATIONS, COVENANTS AND LIABILITIES UNDER THIS 
CONTRACT AND THAT SUCH REPRESENTATIVE IS DULY AUTHORIZED TO ACT ON 
BEHALF OF SUPPLIER AND THAT OPA MAY CONSULT AND DISCUSS THIS 
CONTRACT WITH SUCH REPRESENTATIVE AND MAY RELY ON THE 
INSTRUCTIONS, REQUESTS AND DECISIONS OF SUCH REPRESENTATIVE, 
PROVIDED SAME ARE IN WRITING SIGNED BY THE REPRESENTATIVE, AND SUCH 
ACTS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE SHALL BE BINDING ON SUPPLIER AS TO ALL 
MATTERS PERTAINING TO THIS CONTRACT OTHER THAN AND NOT INCLUDING 
THE POWER OR AUTHORITY TO TERMINATE, AMEND OR ASSIGN THIS 
CONTRACT. 
7. NOTICES 
7.1. Address for Notice. All notices and communication pertaining to this Contract shall be in 
writing and shall be transmitted via email to the other Party as follows: 
 
If to OPA:
  
microFIT.Contract@powerauthority.on.ca 
Subjec t: mic roFIT – [Reference Number] 
 
If to Supplier: To Supplier Contact information in Part 1, Section A(10) 
 
OPA is under no obligation to provide notices to the representative of Supplier listed in Part 1, 
Section A(11). 
7.2. Change of Contact Information. Either Party may, by written notice to the other, change its 
contact information for notices and communication. 
7.3. Timing of Notice.  Notice or communication delivered or transmitted as provided above shall be 
deemed to have been given and received on the day it is transmitted (if by e-mail or fac simile) 
or received (if by courier or hand delivery), provided that it is transmitted or received on a 
Business Day prior to 5:00 p.m. local time in the place of receipt.  Otherwise such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given and received on the next following Business Day. 
8. TERMINATION 
8.1. On Notice. Supplier may terminate this Contract on 30 days’ prior written notice to OPA. 
--- PAGE 9 ---
 - 9 - 
8.2. For Breach. OPA may terminate this Contract if Supplier breaches any term of this Contract and 
fails to correct such breach within 10 Business Days of receiving notice of such breach by OPA 
or if any representation or warranty made by Supplier is untrue. 
8.3. Automatic.  This Contrac t w ill terminate automatic ally upon, and contemporaneously with, the 
termination of the Connection Agreement.  Supplier w ill notify OPA immediately upon the 
termination of the Connection Agreement. 
9. AMENDMENT 
No amendment to or modification of this Contract shall be enforceable unless reduced to writing and each 
Party has evidenced agreement with such amendment or modification. 
10. ASSIGNMENT 
Supplier may not, under any circumstances, assign anything less than all of its rights and obligations 
under this Contract. Supplier may assign all, but not less than all, of its rights and obligations under this 
Contract to an Eligible Participant provided Supplier has the prior written consent of OPA, such consent 
not to be unreasonably withheld. OPA shall have the right to assign its rights and obligations under this 
Contract without the consent of Supplier. 
11. GOVERNING LAW 
This Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario 
and the federal laws of Canada applicable in the Province of Ontario. 
12. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
If any dispute or controversy shall occur between the Parties relating to the interpretation or 
implementation of any of the provisions of this Contract, both Parties shall use good faith efforts to 
resolve the dispute amicably prior to any other legal actions being taken by either Party. 
If the Parties are unable to resolve the dispute after 90 days from the initial meeting, such dispute may be 
resolved by arbitration if agreed by the Parties.  If the Parties agree to resolving the dispute by arbitration, 
such arbitration shall, to the extent permitted at law, be conducted in accordance with the following 
provisions. 
The Arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator (the “Arbitrator”).  The Arbitrator shall be 
appointed by agreement of the Parties or, in the absence of an agreement within a reasonable period of 
time, such Arbitrator shall be appointed by a Judge of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice sitting in the 
Judicial District of Toronto Region, upon the application of any of the Parties and a Judge of the Ontario 
Superior Court of Justice sitting in the Judicial District of Toronto Region shall be entitled to act as such 
Arbitrator, if he or she so desires.  The arbitration shall be held in the City of Toronto.  The procedure to 
be followed shall be agreed by the Parties or, in default of agreement, determined by the Arbitrator.  The 
arbitration shall proceed in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitrations Act, 1991 (Ontario).  The 
Arbitrator shall have the power to proceed with the arbitration and to deliver his or her award 
notwithstanding the default by any Party in respect of any procedural order made by the Arbitrator.  The 
decision arrived at by the Arbitrator shall, to the extent permitted at law, be final and binding subject to 
the right of a Party to appeal on a question of fact or an issue of law, or mixed fact and law.  Judgment 
upon the award rendered by the Arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. 
Supplier acknowledges that any concerns and/or issues Supplier may have resulting from this Contract or 
the microFIT Program may be shared by other suppliers to OPA pursuant to the microFIT Program. 
Supplier acknowledges that should concerns and/or issues raised by Supplier under this Contract (or the 
microFIT Program) be similar to the issues raised by other suppliers under the microFIT Program, there 
would be great efficiencies, in both response time and resources, by OPA handling similar issues in a 
combined and joined manner. As such, Supplier agrees that OPA shall be permitted to join, combine and 
otherwise consolidate into one, the response (through the dispute resolution mechanism or otherwise) and 
overall handling of all complaints, issues and/or claims by suppliers arising under this Contract or similar 
contracts  or otherwise pursuant to the microFIT Program that are of a sufficiently similar nature that the 
--- PAGE 10 ---
 - 10 - 
joining of such complaints or disputes may result in time and/or cost efficiencies, as reasonably 
determined by OPA. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the foregoing dispute resolution process shall not be required as a 
prerequisite for any claim for injunctive or declaratory relief. 
13. LDC FAILURE TO PAY 
OPA guarantees the payment by LDC to Supplier of the Generation Payments that are payable and remain 
unpaid under or pursuant to the Connection Agreement and the provisions of the Retail Settlement Code. 
Supplier shall exhaust its recourse against LDC before being entitled to payment from the OPA under this 
guarantee. 
14. SUPPLIERS COMPOSED OF MULTIPLE ENTITIES 
14.1. Joint and Several Liability. Other than in the case of an Ontario limited partnership, if Supplier 
is not a single legal entity (which for certainty include natural persons), then all such entities 
that constitute Supplier shall be jointly and severally liable to OPA for all representations, 
warranties, obligations, covenants and liabilities of Supplier hereunder.  
14.2. Removal of Person forming Supplier.  If Supplier is composed of more than one natural person, 
one or more of the natural persons may be removed as a Party to this Contract provided Supplier 
is not in breach of this Contract and provided that at least one natural person composing the 
Supplier remains a Party to this Contract. Supplier shall provide notice to OPA of such change 
using the procedures prescribed by the OPA. Until OPA receives notice of such change from all 
such persons composing the Supplier following the prescribed procedures, with all supporting 
documentation and evidence specified by the OPA, all natural persons forming the Supplier w ill 
remain jointly and severally responsible to OPA as described in Section 14.1.1, and OPA w ill 
require each such natural person to agree to matters relating to Supplier and this Contract. For 
certainty, if Supplier is composed of more than one entity that are not natural persons, any 
change in the composition of Supplier shall require the prior written consent of OPA, which 
consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 
 
 
--- PAGE 11 ---
       
APPENDIX A 
DE FINIT IONS 
 
“Abut” means in respect of two or more properties, properties that have a common border or boundary or 
are only separated from such common border or boundary by a right-of-way (other than a right-of-way in 
respect of which the owner, lessee, occupant or resident of one of such properties has a property interest) 
having a width, at any point, of not greater than 15 metres. For greater certainty, properties separated by 
“highways” (as defined in the Highway Traffic Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.8) or “railways” (as defined in the 
Canada Transportation Act S.C. 1996, c.10) do not Abut. 
“Application” means the application submitted by Supplier resulting in this Contract, together with all 
clarifications, additional information, documents and statements in respect thereof provided by Supplier 
and accepted by OPA.   
“Base Date” is the date in Part 1, Section A(9) and means the effective date, specified as the “Base Date”, 
of the FIT Price Schedule used to determine the Contract Price. 
“Biogas” has the meaning given to it in Ontario Regulation 328/09, made under the Electricity Act, 1998 
(Ontario), as published in The Ontario Gazette on September 26, 2009, but does not include landfill gas. 
“Business Day ” means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday in the Province of 
Ontario. 
“Connection Agreement” has the meaning given to it in Part 1, Section A(5). 
“Connection Impact Assessment” means an assessment conducted by the LDC to determine the impac t 
on the distribution system of connecting the Facility to its distribution system. 
“Connection Point” means the Facility’s point of interconnection with the LDC distribution system. 
“Contract” has the meaning given to it in Part 1, Section C. 
“Contract Commencement Date” is the date in Part 1, Section A(3). 
“Contract End Date” is the date in Part 1, Section A(4). 
“Contract Price” is the price per kWh in Part 1, Section A(7). 
“CPI” means the consumer price index for “All Items” published or established by Statistics Canada (or 
its successor) for any relevant calendar month in relation to the Province of Ontario. 
“Deemed  Single Property” means: 
(a) a property that has its own Property Identification Number or other legal description that is 
not a property described in (b), (c) or (d); 
(b) all properties that have separate Property Identification Numbers or other legal descriptions, 
that Abut each other and that: 
(i) have the same owner or the owner of one leases the other, or 
(ii) may not be separately conveyed pursuant to Sections 50(3)(a), 50(3)(b), 50(3)(f), 
or 50(5)(a) of the Planning Act (Ontario); 
(c) leased lands located on provincial or federal Crown lands and lands Abutting such first lands 
that are leased by the same person or entity; or 
(d) lands located on “reserve lands” or “special reserves”, as set out in the Indian Act (Canada), 
where the permission to use such lands is granted by way of a single resolution of the 
--- PAGE 12 ---
  
applicable band council and any lands Abutting such first lands where the same person or 
entity that holds the permission to use the first lands also holds the permission to use the 
Abutting lands. 
“Directly Connected Facility” means a Facility which is connected to the LDC distribution system in an 
arrangement that is independent of any associated load or associated premises. 
“Distribution System Code” means the “Distribution System Code” established and approved by the 
Ontario Energy Board as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Domestic Content Level” has the meaning defined in Appendix C, Section 1.5. 
“Eligible Participant” has the meaning given to it in the Eligible Partic ipant Schedule. 
“Eligible Participant Schedule” means the schedule that defines persons and entities who are eligible to 
submit an Application and who are eligible to be Suppliers, as amended from time to time by the OPA in 
its sole disc retion. 
“E nvironmental Attributes” means the interests or rights arising out of attributes or characteristics 
relating to the environmental impacts associated with the Facility, now or in the future, and the right to 
quantify and register these with competent authorities, inc luding: (a) all right, title, interest and benefit in 
and to any renewable energy certificate, credit, reduction right, offset, allocated pollution right, 
allowance, emission reduction allowance or allowance set aside or other proprietary or contractual right, 
whether or not tradable; (b) rights to any fungible or non-fungible attributes or entitlements relating to 
environmental impacts, however arising; (c) any and all rights, title and interest relating to the nature of 
an energy source as may be defined and awarded through applicable laws and regulations or voluntary 
programs; and (d) all revenues, entitlements, benefits, and other proceeds arising from or related to the 
foregoing. For greater certainty, in the event that any governmental or non-governmental agency, whether 
provincial, federal, national or international in scope or authority, creates or sanctions a registry, trading 
system, credit, offset or other program relating to Environmental Attributes or their equivalent, the term 
“Environmental Attributes” shall include the rights or benefits created or sanctioned under any such 
program or programs to the extent available as a result of, or arising from the Facility. 
“Existing Generation Facility” means an electricity generating facility that is located on the same 
property as the Facility and which is connected to the LDC distribution system. 
“Facility” has the meaning given to it in Part 1, Section B. 
“FIT Price Schedule” means the schedule of prices established by OPA from time to time, in its sole 
discretion, that will be used to determine the Contract Price for a mic roFIT Contract, differentiated by 
Renewable Fuel, capacity and other factors as determined by OPA. 
“FIT Program” means the “FIT Program” established by the OPA pursuant to the FIT Rules and any 
prior or subsequent version of the FIT Rules published by the OPA. 
“FIT Program Facility” means any Renewable Generating Facility that is the subject of a contract or an 
application pursuant to the FIT Program. 
“Generation Payment” has meaning given to it in Part 2, Section 2.2. 
“Governmental Authority”  means any federal, provincial, or municipal government, parliament or 
legislature, or any regulatory authority, agency, tribunal, commission, board or department of any such 
government, parliament or legislature, or any court or other law, regulation or rule-making entity, having 
jurisdiction in the relevant circumstances, including the Ontario Energy Board and the Electrical Safety 
Authority. 
“Indexed Contract Price” has the meaning given to it in Part 2, Section 2.1. 
“Indirectly Connected Facility” means a Facility which is connected to the LDC distribution system in 
an arrangement which is associated with a load customer or premises but for certainty is not between the 
load customer meter and the load customer. 
--- PAGE 13 ---
  
“In Parallel” has the meaning given to it in Appendix D-2, Section 1. 
“I TA” means the Income Tax Act (Canada). 
“kWh” means kilowatt-hour. 
“Laws and Regulations” means: 
(a) applicable federal, provincial or municipal laws, orders-in-council, by-law s, c odes, rules, polic ies, 
regulations and statutes; 
(b) applicable orders, decisions, codes, judgments, injunctions, decrees, awards and writs of any 
court, tribunal, arbitrator, Governmental Authority or other person having jurisdiction; 
(c) applicable rulings and conditions of any licence, permit, certificate, registration, authorization, 
consent and approval issued by a Governmental Authority; 
(d) any requirements under or prescribed by applicable common law; and 
(e) the Retail Settlement Code and the Distribution System Code. 
“LDC” is your local electricity distribution company which is the company named in Part 1, Section 
B( 1). 
“microFIT Rules” means the rules governing the microFIT Program as may be amended in accordance 
with its terms, from time to time.  
“microFIT Program” means the “microFIT Program” established by OPA pursuant to the microFIT 
Rules and any prior or subsequent version of the microFIT Rules. 
“M inimum Required Domestic Content Lev el” has the meaning given to it in Part 1, Section B(5)(iv). 
“Nameplate Capacity” means the manufacturer’s total installed rated capacity of the Facility to generate 
electricity and, in the case of a solar (PV) Facility, means the lesser of (i) the manufacturer’s total 
installed rated capacity of the solar panels, and (ii) the manufacturer’s specified maximum power output 
of the inverter(s), neither of which may be greater than 10 kW. 
“Party” means either OPA or Supplier and “Parties” refers jointly to both OPA and Supplier. 
“Percentage Escalated” means the percentage (specified in Part 1, Section A(8)) of the Contract Price 
that escalates on the basis of increases in CPI. 
“Project Eligibility Requirements” means that the project must: 
(a) be a Renewable Generating Facility, which uses a Renewable Fuel that is included in the 
FIT Price Schedule;  
(b) be located in the Province of Ontario; 
(c) not be an OPA contracted facility that has reached commercial operation or have been an 
OPA contracted facility that had previously achieved commercial operation; 
(d) have a maximum Nameplate Capacity of 10 kW; 
(e) not be located on a Deemed Single Property on which there is Nameplate Capacity 
greater than 10 kW per Renewable Fuel (for this requirement, a Rooftop Facility and a 
solar photovoltaic (PV) project that is not a Rooftop Fac ility will be considered to use 
different Renewable Fuels); 
--- PAGE 14 ---
  
(f) be connected, direc tly or In Parallel, to an LDC distribution system, which distribution 
system is connected to the IESO Controlled Grid;  
(g) have separate metering suitable for microFIT Program data collection and settlement 
purposes; 
(h) for a project that is (i) a wind Renewable Generating Facility that has a Nameplate 
Capacity of 3 kW or less, or (ii) a solar photovoltaic (PV) project that is not a Rooftop 
Fac ility: 
(A) not be located on a property on which residential use is a Lawfully Permitted Use; 
and 
( B) not be located on a property that Abuts another property on which residential use is 
a Lawfully Permitted Use; 
however, for property where the Lawfully Permitted Use is agricultural, a project that is 
(i) a wind Renewable Generating Facility that has a Nameplate Capacity of 3 kW or less, 
or (ii) is a solar photovoltaic (PV) project that is not a Rooftop Facility is permitted on 
such property or property that Abuts such property if residential use is permitted as 
ancillary to the agricultural use; and 
(i) if a solar photovoltaic (PV) project that is not a Rooftop Facility is located on a property 
on which commercial use or industrial use is a Law fully Permitted Use, the Fac ility must 
not be the main or primary use for which the property is used. 
“Property Identification Number” means the property identifier assigned to a property in accordance 
with the Registry Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. R.20, s. 21(2) or in accordance with the Land Titles Act R.S.O. 
1990, c. L. 5, s. 141(2). 
“Regulatory Environmental Attributes” has meaning given to it in Part 2, Section 3.3. 
“Renewable Biomass” has the meaning given to “biomass” in Ontario Regulation 328/09, made under 
the Electricity Act, 1998 (Ontario), as published in The Ontario Gazette on September 26, 2009, but may 
also include supplementary non-renewable fuels other than coal used for start up, combustion, 
stabilization and low combustion zone temperatures, w hic h shall be no more than ten percent (10%) of 
the total fuel heat input in any calendar year for electricity generation units with a gross nameplate 
capacity of 500 kW or less. 
“Renewable Energy Approval” means an approval issued by the Ontario Ministry of the Environment 
under Section 47.3 of the Environmental Protection Act (Ontario). 
“Renewable Generating Facility” means an electricity-generating facility that generates electricity 
exclusively from a Renewable Fuel. 
“Renew able Fuel” means wind, solar photovoltaic (PV), Renewable Biomass, Biogas, landfill gas or 
waterpower.  
“Retail Settlement Code” means the “Retail Settlement Code” established and approved by the Ontario 
Energy Board as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Rooftop Facility” has the meaning given to it in Appendix C, Section 1. 
“Settlement Period” has the meaning given to it in Part 2, Section 2.2.1. 
“Settlement Price” means the price at which electricity sales pursuant to this Contract w ill be settled.
 
“Te rm” has the meaning provided in Part 2, Section 1. 
--- PAGE 15 ---
       
APPENDIX B 
CALCULATION OF INDEXED CONTRACT PRICE 
 
From the Contract Commencement Date until the first April 30th following the Contract Commencement 
Date (the “First Price Period”), the “Indexed Contract Price” is the Contract Price.  For each Indexed 
Pricing Period “y”(a), the “Indexed Contract Price” shall be the greater of the Indexed Contract Price in the 
preceding Indexed Pricing Period, “y-1”(b), and the following calculation: 
CPy =   
where: 
CPy = Indexed Contract Price applicable in Indexed Pricing Period “y” 
CP = Contract Price 
CPIBD = the CPI applicable to the month in which the Base Date occurs 
CPIy = the CPI for the month of December immediately preceding the 
commencement of Indexed Pricing Period “y” 
PE = the Percentage Escalated expressed as a decimal figure 
 
(a) Indexed Pricing Period “y” is any twelve month period commencing May 1 in each year and ending on 
April 30 in the following year. The first Indexed Pricing Period “y” begins on the May 1 following the 
First Pric e Period. 
(b) For the purposes of calculating the Indexed Contract Price for the first Indexed Pricing Period, 
commencing May 1 following the First Price Period, the Indexed Contract Price in the preceding First 
Pric e Period, “y-1” w ill be the Contract Price. 
 
( ) 




 × × + × −
BD
y
CPI
CPICPPECPPE)(1
--- PAGE 16 ---
       
APPENDIX C 
SOLAR PHOTOVOLTAIC SCHEDULE 
 
ADDITIONAL DEFINED TERMS 
“Existing Building” means a building that was in existence and completely constructed on the date 
that the Application was first submitted. 
“Rooftop Facility” means a solar (PV) Renewable Generating Facility that is integrated into or forms 
part of the wall facing, roof, cover, or other architectural element that forms part of a permanent 
Existing Building that has been designed to be used for the purpose of providing enclosure, shelter or 
protection to people or property, provided that one of its main purposes is not to support a solar power 
installation or to provide shelter from the sun. An Existing Building will be considered to have a main 
purpose of supporting a solar power installation or providing shelter from the sun where the building 
or part of that building would not reasonably have been constructed in the absence of the solar (PV) 
Renewable Generating Facility. 
DOMESTIC CONTENT REQUIREMENTS 
1.1. The “Minimum Required Domestic Content Level” is provided in Part 1, Section B(5)(iv) which 
must be maintained for the Term. 
1.2. For each of the “Designated Activities” set out in the first column of the Domestic Content 
Grids for Micro-Scale (≤10kW) Solar Photovoltaic Power Projects (the “Domestic Content 
Grids”), shown below, where the Designated Activity has been performed in relation to the 
Facility, the Facility shall be allocated the corresponding “Qualifying Percentage” set out in the 
second column of such Domestic Content Grids. 
1.3. If the Facility comprises more than one of the component(s) specified in the Designated Activity, 
the Designated Activity must have been performed in relation to all such components forming 
part of the Facility in order for the Designated Activity to be considered to have been performed 
in relation to such Facility. 
1.4. A Designated Activity shall not be considered to be performed in relation to a Facility, where: 
(a) some but not all aspects of the Designated Activity were performed in relation to the 
Fac ility; or 
(b) Supplier is unable to provide evidence satisfactory to OPA, acting reasonably, that the 
Designated Activity was performed in relation to the Facility. 
1.5. The “Domestic Content Level” in respect of a Facility shall be calculated, following the 
Contract Commencement Date, as the sum of the Qualifying Percentages allocated to such 
Facility in accordance with Sec tion 1.2 of this Appendix C.  
1.6. Supplier must obtain a written confirmation from any equipment supplier or installer providing 
equipment or services contributing to the Domestic Content Level, confirming which 
components qualify as Designated Activities. 
1.7. Within 10 Business Days of any request by OPA, Supplier shall provide written evidence 
satisfactory to OPA, acting reasonably, confirming that the Facility has met the Minimum 
Required Domestic Content Level. 
--- PAGE 17 ---
  
Table 1: Domestic Content Grid for Micro-Scale (≤10kW) Solar Photovoltaic Power Projects 
Utilizing Crystalline Silicon PV Technology 
 
Designated Activity Qualifying 
Percentage 
1. Silicon that has been used as input to solar photovoltaic cells m anufactured in an 
Ontario refinery. 10% 
2. Silicon ingots and wafer, where silicon ingots have been cast in Ontario,  and 
wafers have been cut from the casting by a saw in Ontario. 12% 
3. The crystalline silicon solar photovoltaic cells, where their active photovoltaic 
layer(s) have been form ed in Ontario. 10% 
4. Solar photovoltaic m odules (i.e. , panels), where the ele ctrical connections 
between the solar cells have been made in Ontario, and the solar photovoltaic 
module materials have been encapsulated in Ontario. 13% 
5. Inverter, where the assem bly, final wiring and testing has been done in Ontario. 9% 
6. Mounting system s, where the structural com ponents of the fix ed or m oving 
m ounting system s, have been entirely m achined or form ed or cast in Ontario.  
The m etal for the structural com ponents m ay not have been pre -machined 
outside Ontario other than peeling/ roughing of the part for quality control 
purposes when it left the sm elter or forge.  The m achining and assem bly of the 
m ounting system  m ust entirely take place in Ontario (e.g., bending, welding, 
piercing, and bolting). 
9% 
7.  Wiring and electrical hardware that is not part of other Designated Activities 
(i.e., items 1-6 and 8 of this table), sourced from  an Ontario Supplier. 
10% 
8. All on- and off-site labour and services.  For greater certainty, this Designated 
 Activity s hall apply in res pect of all Facilities .  
27% 
Total 100% 
 
 
 
Table  2: Domestic Content Grid for Micro-Scale (≤10kW) Solar Photovoltaic Power Projects 
Utilizing Thin-Film PV Technology 
Designated Activity Qualifying 
Percentage 
1. Thin film  photovoltaic cells where the active photovoltaic layer(s) have been 
fabricated (by m ethods including but not lim ited to vapour deposition, evaporation 
or sputtering) in Ontario.  Where the m anufacture of the m odule is inseparable 
from the manufacture of the cells, there shall be no separate requirement for the 
m odule. 
35% 
2. Solar photovoltaic module (i.e., panel), where the electrical connections between 
the solar cells have been made in Ontario, and solar photovoltaic module material s 
have been encapsulated in Ontario. 
10% 
3. Inverter, where the assembly, final wiring and testing have been done in Ontario. 8% 
--- PAGE 18 ---
  
4. Mounting systems where the structural components of the fix ed or moving 
mounting systems have been entirely machined or formed or cast in Ontario.  The 
metal for the structural components may not be pre-machined outside Ontario 
other than peeling/roughing of the part for quality control purposes when it left the 
smelter or forge. The machining and assembly of the mounting system must 
entirely take place in Ontario (e.g., bending, welding, piercing and bolting). 
10% 
5. Wiring and electrical hardware that is not part of other Designated Activitie s that 
has been sourced from an Ontario Supplier. 
9% 
6. All on- and off-site labour and services.  For greater certainty, this Designated 
Activity shall apply in respect of all Contract Facilities. 
28% 
Total 100% 
 
 
Table 3: Domestic Content Grid for Micro-Scale (≤10kW) Solar Photovoltaic Power Projects 
Utilizing Concentrated PV Technology 
 
Designated Activity Qualifying 
Percentage 
1. Concentrated solar (PV ) cells where the active photovoltaic layer(s) have been 
fabricated (by m ethods including m olecular beam  epitax y, vapour deposition, 
evaporation or sputtering) in Ontario.   
14% 
2. Concentrated solar (PV ) system’s primary optics where the primary optics were 
fabricated (by methods including injection moulding and embossing) in Ontario, 
and any shaping of the glass (or other mirror substrate) and mirror coating was 
performed in Ontario. 
9% 
3. Heat sinks and cooling systems where any air-cooled heat sinks must be entirely 
machined or formed or cast in Ontario, and liquid-cooled heat sinks must be 
assembled and tested in Ontario. 
The metal for any air-cooled heat sinks may not have been pre-machined outside 
of Ontario other than peeling/roughing of the part for quality control purposes 
when it left the smelter or forge.  Any machining and assembly of air-cooled heat 
sinks must have entirely taken place in Ontario (e.g., bending, welding, piercing 
and bolting). 
4% 
4. Concentrated solar (PV ) module, where the wiring and assembly of the 
concentrated solar (PV) cells, optics, module parts, heat sinks and cooling 
systems takes place in Ontario. 
21% 
5. Mounting systems, where the structural components of the fix ed or moving 
mounting systems have been entirely machined or formed or cast in Ontario. The 
metal for the structural components may not have been pre-machined outside 
Ontario other than peeling/ roughing of the part for quality control purposes when 
it left the smelter or forge. The machining and assembly of the mounting system 
must have entirely taken place in Ontario (e.g., bending, welding, piercing and 
bolting). 
17% 
6. Inverter, where the assembly, final wiring and testing has been done in Ontario. 11% 
--- PAGE 19 ---
  
7. Wiring and electrical hardware that is not part of other Designated Activities that 
has been sourced from an Ontario Supplier. 
5% 
8. All on- and off-site labour and services performed by individuals Resident in 
Ontario.  For greater certainty, this Designated Activity shall apply in respect of 
all Contract Facilities. 
19% 
Total 100% 
 
 
--- PAGE 20 ---
       
APPENDIX D -1 
DIRECTLY CONNECTED FACILITY SCHEDULE 
 
 
1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTES 
Supplier represents and warrants to OPA as follows and acknowledges that OPA is relying on such 
representation and warranty in entering into this Contract. 
1.1 The Facility is not connected to a battery back-up or supply system. 
 
2. COVENANTS 
 
Supplier covenants that throughout the Term: 
2.1 The Fac ility w ill, at all times, be a Direc tly Connec ted Fac ility.  
2.2 The Facility will not, at any time, be connected to a battery back-up or supply system.  
--- PAGE 21 ---
       
 
APPENDIX D -2 
INDIRECTLY CONNECTED FACILITY SCHEDULE 
 
 
1. ADDITIONAL DEFINED TERMS 
“In Parallel” means the meter for the Facility is located between the meter for the associated load 
customer and the distribution system, (and for certainty is not between the meter for the load 
customer and the load customer), as follow s: 
 
 
2. PERMITTED BATTERY BACK-UP CONFIGURATION 
If the Fac ility is connected to a battery back-up or supply system the back-up or supply system 
may only be located between the load customer and the load meter of such load customer. For 
greater certainty, the following is the acceptable battery configuration for In Parallel metered 
Fac ility:  
 
 
Facility
mf
Distribution system
Load Customer
mL
Facility
mf
Distribution system
Load Customer
mL
B
--- PAGE 22 ---
  
APPENDIX E 
LDC SUPPLIER SCHEDULE 
 
1. ADDITIONAL DEFINED TERMS 
“I ESO” means the Independent Electricity System Operator of Ontario established under Part II of 
the Elec tric ity Ac t or its successor.  
“IESO Market Rules ” means the rules made under Section 32 of the Electricity Act, 1998  
(Ontario), together with all market manuals, policies, and guidelines issued by the IESO, as may be 
amended from time to time. 
“T ransmission System Code” means the “Transmission System Code” established and approved 
by the Ontario Energy Board as amended or replaced from time to time. 
2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
Supplier represents and warrants to OPA as follows and acknowledges that OPA is relying on such 
representations and warranties in entering into this Contract. 
2.1 Supplier is a distributor as defined in the Distribution System Code and was incorporated 
pursuant to section 142 of the Electricity Act, 1998 (Ontario). 
2.2 Supplier is a market participant as defined in the IESO Market Rules. 
3. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
3.1 The definition of “Laws and Regulations” contained in Appendix A of the Contract is 
replaced for the purposes of the Contract with the following definition: 
“Laws and Regulations” means: 
(a) applicable federal, provincial or municipal laws, orders -in-council, by-
laws, codes, rules, policies, regulations and statutes; 
(b) applicable orders, decisions, codes, judgments, injunctions, decrees, 
awards and writs of any court, tribunal, arbitrator, Gove rnmental 
Authority or other Person having jurisdiction; 
(c) applicable rulings and conditions of any licence, permit, certificate, 
registration, authorization, consent and approval issued by a 
Governmental Authority; 
(d) any requirements under or prescribed by applic able c ommon law ;  
(e) the Retail Settlement Code, the Distribution System Code, the 
Transmission System Code and any other codes issued by the Ontario 
Energy Board; and 
(f) the IESO Market Rules, as well as any manuals or interpretation bulletins  
issued by the IESO from time to time that are binding on Supplier. 
3.2 Section 2.2.1 of Part 2 of the Contract shall not apply.  Supplier and OPA agree that 
Generation Payments shall be settled through the IESO or as otherwise agreed in writing 
between the Parties. 
3.3 Section 8.3 of Part 2 of the Contract does not apply. Supplier shall notify OPA immediately if 
the Facility is permanently disconnected. If the Facility is disconnected for more than 20 
continuous Business Days it shall be deemed to be permanently disconnected. 
--- PAGE 23 ---
  
3.4 Supplier shall provide OPA and its authorized service providers, agents, employees and 
inspectors with access to the Fac ility’s meter for the purpose of reading, recording and 
downloading data, all upon not less than two days advance notice from OPA to Supplier.  
3.5 Supplier will release to OPA any information or data relating to the Facility which may be 
required by OPA for the purposes of administering the Contract. Supplier shall, where 
requested by OPA, irrevocably authorize agencies, and third parties to release to OPA any 
information or data relating to the Facility which may be required by OPA for the purposes of 
administering the Contract.   
3.6 Section 6.6 of Part 2 of the Contract does not apply.  Supplier shall, at the request of OPA, 
provide OPA with all copies of settlement statements, invoices, records and documents 
relating to the Facility or any Generation Payment made in respect thereof or pursuant hereto. 
 
 
 